Microsoft Service Bus Connector: new example and text improvements. (#426)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/ms-dynamics/ms-service-bus-connector.adoc

= Microsoft Service Bus Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: anypoint studio, connector, endpoint, microsoft, azure, windows service bus, windows

Support Category: Select

> The ServiceBus connector enables message integration with Windows Service Bus on-premises and Azure Service Bus on the cloud. The connector supports communication with queues and topics through AMQP 1.0. In addition, dynamic discovery and provisioning of Service Bus objects is possible using the built-in management API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Microsoft Service Bus (Microsoft Service Bus Connector) enables message integration with Windows Service Bus on-premises and Azure Service Bus on the cloud. The connector supports communication with queues and topics through AMQP 1.0. In addition, dynamic discovery and provisioning of Service Bus objects is possible using the built-in management API.
```
Is there any way to reword some of this to use direct address and active voice?
Do we need to spell out AMQP at this first use in the topic set?

> . Import the auto-generated Service Bus certificate by running the following command:  bin\keytool.exe –importcert –alias AppServerGeneratedSBCA –file %temp%\AutoGeneratedCA.cer –keystore lib\security\cacerts –v

Reviewer: preferred format:
```suggestion
. Import the autogenerated Service Bus certificate:  
bin\keytool.exe –importcert –alias AppServerGeneratedSBCA –file %temp%\AutoGeneratedCA.cer –keystore lib\security\cacerts –v
```

> . You are prompted for the password (the default is “changeit”).  If you do not know the password, you cannot perform the import.  When the tool asks you whether to trust the certificate, enter Y (Yes).

Reviewer: This is really two steps: supplying a password and confirming trust:
```suggestion
. Enter the password when prompted (the default is “changeit”).  
If you do not know the password, you cannot perform the import.  
. When the tool asks you whether to trust the certificate, enter Y (Yes).
```
If the first step is a possible task fail, should this requirement be listed before the first step of the task?
It would be a shame for a user to get to this point, only to learn that they do not have all the task requirements.

== SAS-Based Authentication

In addition to the connection schemes that require a username and password, the connector provides a connection in which authentication is SAS-based (only for Azure). This type of connection enables you to set the authentication token for the Service Bus service without requiring a username and password.

Because the SAS token schema is URI based (that is, you can assign different authorization access to your resources based on their URIs), the connection supports multiple ways of providing the needed authentication tokens. The simplest case is when you have one profile that authorizes accesses to all of your resources using a root URI that is the base endpoint that your service exposes. To provide different access tokens on different resources, use a setting that enables you to configure a list of tokens according to the resources the connector needs to access when it runs.

> As an extension to the mechanisms described previously, you can also implement a custom token provider that enables the connector to request security tokens when it needs them. It is the responsibility of the app to solve each request and to return a fresh token every time the connector asks for one. Because the token contains an expiration time, this mechanism allows the connector to re-authenticate with the target resource once the token expires. Re-authentication is not allowed when the tokens are specified at configuration time.

Reviewer: Can we omit "As an extension to the mechanisms described previously," and begin with "You can also..." without losing meaning?

Reviewer: I also wonder if we need that longish sentence about the app responsibility.
If we add the app to the first sentence, would that work?
"You can also implement a custom token provider that enables the connector to request security tokens from the app as it needs them, so that the tokens are always "fresh." Because the tokens expire, this mechanism...."

Reviewer: Per the above
```suggestion
You can also implement a custom token provider that enables the connector to request security tokens from the app as it needs them, so that the tokens are always "fresh." Because the tokens expire, this mechanism allows the connector to reauthenticate with the target resource once the token expires, which is not allowed when the tokens are specified at configuration.
```

The following settings are available for the `Shared Access Signature` connection:

> * Service Namespace: The namespace for the Azure Service Bus service within your subscription.

Reviewer: Preferred format:
```suggestion
* Service Namespace
The namespace for the Azure Service Bus service within your subscription
```

> * Shared Access Signature: (Optional) The unique security token to use when you set up one security profile to access all of your service resources.

Reviewer: Preferred format:
```suggestion
* Shared Access Signature (optional) 
The unique security token to use when you set up one security profile to access all of your service resources
```

+

> In this scenario, the connector cannot reconnect automatically after the token expires. Therefore, you must stop running the flow to update this configuration setting with a new token.

Reviewer: Is "this scenario" clear to the audience?

> In the advanced section:

Reviewer: ...and I assume that the audience knows of "the advanced section," of what, where that is?

> * SAS Tokens List: (Optional) The list of security tokens the connector needs to access different URIs when the security profiles for each URI differs.

Reviewer: Preferred format:
```suggestion
* SAS Tokens List (optional)
The list of security tokens the connector needs to access different URIs when their security profiles differ
```

+

> In this scenario, after a token expires, the connector cannot reconnect to the URI linked to that token. Therefore, you must stop running the flow to update this configuration setting with a new set of tokens.

Reviewer: ditto re. "this scenario"

+

> * SAS Tokens Provider: (Optional) A Spring bean reference implementing the `org.mule.modules.microsoftservicebus.connection.providers.SharedAccessSignatureProvider` interface.

Reviewer: Preferred format:
```suggestion
* SAS Tokens Provider (optional)
A Spring bean reference implementing the `org.mule.modules.microsoftservicebus.connection.providers.SharedAccessSignatureProvider` interface
```

+

> For example:

Reviewer: I prefer to avoid isolated fragment introduction like "For example:"
What is this an example of?
Does this refer to the text directly above it?
In that case, you can usually end the text above it with a colon and omit this.
If this is not the case, then the example needs to be identified: an example of what?

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<servicebus:config name="Microsoft_Service_Bus_Config"
   doc:name="Microsoft Service Bus Config"
   doc:id="98a1871b-60a5-4d7b-b953-0817685fd8e1" >
<servicebus:shared-access-signature-connection
  blobAccountKey="muletest"
  blobContainerName="OTJZOwIql+mof78yt789TuAPJRhahuO0quQEFtBUn3yt0UTzjuF6dKH1MH5iGAalYwATUqXYjvH+7r/PLMLxEQ=="
  blobAccountName="test-container" namespace="mulesbft">
<servicebus:tokens >
<servicebus:token value="SharedAccessSignature sr=https%3a%2f%2fmynamespace.servicebus.windows.net%2f%24Resources%2fTopics&amp;sig=Pks8c5VB10KWRhQNshM%2fCR%2fwju%2bryi7WyE%2b9sm2KP12%3d&amp;se=1575485246&amp;skn=RootManageSharedAccessKey" />
<servicebus:token value="SharedAccessSignature sr=https%3a%2f%2fmynamespace.servicebus.windows.net%2ftopictoken&amp;sig=L1JSM9cn6x9QnhzTB0P1wtjyvOkeLQ0o1SB59%2boWEc7%3d&amp;
se=1576702491&amp;skn=RootManageSharedAccessKey" />
</servicebus:tokens>
</servicebus:shared-access-signature-connection>
</servicebus:config>
----
+

> If you specify a token provider, it is your responsibility to provide a fresh token for each URI the connector requires access to, according to your security profiles. In this scenario, each time a token expires, the connector requests a new token, which your implementation must provide. Reconnection to the target URI then occurs seamlessly.

Reviewer: Do we need "it is your responsibility to provide" rather than "you must provide" or even "proivde"?
minimalism

Reviewer: Is "your implementation" the same as "the application" earlier, when first describing custom token plans?
If so, consider standardizing how we refer to this to just one term.

+

> * Max Connections: (Optional) Maximum number of connections to keep in the pool in order to be reused by the producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Max Connections (optional)
Maximum number of connections to keep in the pool for reuse by the producer
```

+

> Set this value to `-1`, to create a new connection every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this value to `-1` to create a new connection every time.
```

You must provide at least one optional setting and format the token as a `string` that complies with the following pattern:

----
SharedAccessSignature sr=[resource_uri]&sig=[signature]&se=[ttl]&skn=[profile]
----

The `sr` parameter value can start with `https` or `amqps`, depending on the operation to perform on the target resource.

> For example:

Reviewer: Per comment above:

The `sr` parameter value can start with `https` or `amqps`, depending on the operation to perform on the target resource:

Reviewer: ...omitting the isolated "For example:"
